Kindly remind you that you don't appreciate it yet
Miss, you are finally here.
What about your brother Chu Yunzhou?
Then I have something to do today.
Specially sent me to attend the old maharaja's birthday banquet
That guy?
Is it the husband Ye Yufei has been waiting for for 3 years?
Yeah, that's him.
A light that has never seen the world
How could the truth and Yue Fei like so much?
Come on. Let's go in
From humble beginnings
Be sure to keep a low profile when you go in later.
People in our family talk badly
Don't worry, I won't.
This is the gift I prepared for you.
Your first visit
I'll give him to grandma later
Yufei, I brought a gift
How did you get that gift?
Here you go.
Let's go
I wish the foreigners all the best.
Shoubinan Mountain
Hahaha, okay, okay.
All sit down, sit down, hahaha
Grandma, I'm back.
sit
Hey, that's where 1 billion people sit
Hey
That's where billions of people sit.
You can't sit here. You can't sit there.
Where do we sit?
Someone like Brother-in-law Xiang who earns 3,000 a month in the factory?
I'm afraid I can only do it at the door.
Why is your Ye family's birthday banquet?
Is it calculated according to the value?
Of course.
The more expensive
You can sit close to the old lady LaCrosse
Like this location
That's where the billionaires are.
That's worth just in case like me
Can you sit on the head of the old gentleman?